Founded over 25 years ago, ThoughtWorks has grown from a small team in Chicago to a leading global software consultancy of more than 6000 employees. With our roots in custom systems and agile software delivery, we’re at the forefront of defining the tech principles used by some of the world’s most successful organizations. We have invested in organic growth, building on the strategy, design, data and engineering capabilities required to bring a truly integrated approach to solving our client's toughest challenges. Our collaborative, cross-functional teams deliver real results, fast. Over the years a lot has changed, but our goals remain the same. Technology is reshaping industries and customer expectations at an unprecedented rate, with increasing access to digital tools creating greater change than ever before. As one of the original pioneers of agile delivery, our passionate teams continue to shape the technology industry to help our clients navigate disruption, build strong foundations and create impactful digital capabilities. ThoughtWorks invented the concept of distributed agile. We’ve pioneered techniques that harness the power of global teams to deliver software excellence at scale. Our distributed teams across the globe provide access to a broad range of technology capabilities, to help you think big, move fast, and deliver value with the right skills at the right time. We have a reputation for software excellence, cutting edge technology, techniques, and thought leadership. Rooted in a culture of learning and sharing, ThoughtWorkers, both past and present, have written hundreds of books in our ever-growing library. Our expert technologists delve deep into the latest tech topics in our popular Technology Radar publication, podcast series, articles, and blogs. We are serious about our craft and always striving to improve the way we do things. Our technologists bring successful, field-tested techniques and ideas from around the globe to open source solutions. We contribute to and use open-source software wherever possible. We come to work as ourselves. We encourage and support each other. We value honesty and transparency. Ideas and doing the right thing are more important than appearances and backgrounds. We abhor and reject discrimination and inequality and promote diversity in all its forms. We proudly, passionately and actively strive to make both ThoughtWorks and our industry more reflective and inclusive of the society that we serve. Our Code of Conduct reflects our values and outlines how we conduct ourselves and treat each other. As technologists, we understand that our impact on society is ever-growing. Our mission is to better humanity through software and help build a more socially and economically just world. We are committed to building excellent software that helps shape this future. But tech excellence goes beyond writing great code or building effective architecture - it means deeply embodying the values of privacy, empathy, equity, and inclusion in the technology we create. Learn more about our commitment to social justice and how it’s embedded in our culture, the work we do and the changes we are advocating for.